docs: Getting started revamp docs and images (#36987)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/intro-js.md

</Tabs>

![tests running in command line](./images/getting-started/run-tests-cli.png)

Tips:
- See the browser window: add `--headed`.
- Run a single project/browser: `--project=chromium`.
- Run one file: `npx playwright test tests/example.spec.ts`.

> - List tests without running: `--list`.

Reviewer: I don't think `--list` is ever used by most testers.

```suggestion
- Open testing UI: `--ui`.
```

See [Running Tests](./running-tests.md) for details on filtering, headed mode, sharding and retries.

## HTML Test Reports

> After a run the [HTML Reporter](./test-reporters.md#html-reporter) provides a filterable dashboard (browsers, passed, failed, skipped, flaky). Click a test to inspect errors, attachments and steps. It auto-opens only when failures occur; open manually with the command below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a test run, the [HTML Reporter](./test-reporters.md#html-reporter) provides a dashboard filterable by the browser, passed, failed, skipped, flaky and more. Click a test to inspect errors, attachments and steps. It auto-opens only when failures occur; open manually with the command below.
```

## System requirements

> - Node.js (latest 20.x, 22.x or 24.x).

Reviewer: nit: I find the change of style into parenthesis be worse 😏
